<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<title>Minutes of Hospitality Meeting, August 11, 2019</title>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1">
</head>

<body>
<p> Minutes for Hospitality Meeting, August 11, 2019</p>
<p>I think we had an excellent meeting! Attending: Gwyn Hein, Gordon Davies, Jennifer 
  Leeman, Jessica Harper, Quaker Harper, Buzz Borchardt. And honored guest Chris 
  Stanley. </p>
<p>1. I think we could use another helper at potluck.</p>
<ul>
  <li>Aug. 18: greeter/refreshments, <strong>Buzz</strong></li>
  <li>Aug. 25: greeter/refreshments, <strong>Hart</strong></li>
  <li>Sept. 1: greeter: <strong>Lori</strong></li>
  <li>Sept. 1: potluck: <strong>Quaker, Gordon, ?</strong></li>
  <li>Sept. 8: greeter/refreshments. <strong>Quaker</strong></li>
</ul>
<p>2. What is Hospitality's role at memorial services?<br>
  The committee came to unity on the following statement for inclusion in the 
  document on celebrations to be posted on the Meeting website:</p>
<blockquote>
  <p>Care and Counsel and a representative from the Hospitality Committee will 
    work with the family on planning any reception following the memorial service 
    if it is held on the grounds of the meeting. Volunteers in the community may 
    be asked to provide drinks and light refreshments. </p>
</blockquote>
<p>And Jennifer very generously volunteered to be the representative from Hospitality.</p>

<p>3.Planning for the coming year:</p>
<p><strong>Lotsa Helping Hands</strong>: </p>
<ul>
  <li>First of all there needs to be greater coordination between C&amp;C and 
    Hospitality.</li>
  <li>Because we have never used Lotsa Helping Hands since establishing our group 
    there, it is desirable to do a test run. I will add all the members of Hospitality 
    to Lotsa Helping Hands (no, this doesn't commit you to providing meals ;-) 
    and send a trial request to which everyone can respond.</li>
  <li>If we are to continue using Lotsa Helping Hands we need more potential volunteers 
    than the 10 who signed up 2 years ago.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Refreshments at Fellowship</strong>: </p>
<ul>
  <li>Over the past several years the committee has made an effort to provide 
    higher quality refreshments to facilitate and enhance fellowship. .</li>
  <li>Issues were raised to keep in mind as we move forward: how to pay for refreshments 
    (although the committee encourages members to <a href="https://www.chapelhillfriends.org/assets/hospitality/reimbursement.htm">submit 
    their expenses</a>, most have not), how much refreshments to provide, and 
    whether they make a worthwhile contribution.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Contacting Visitors</strong>: </p>
<ul>
  <li>It is very impactful for a Friend to meet one-on-one with a visitor who 
    is open to that, so it would be good if we can compile a list of Friends who 
    are willing to do so.</li>
  <li>A mailing list is probably sufficient for the purpose.</li>
  <li>Since Hart has undertaken the responsibility of monitoring the guestbook 
    and mailing a personal note to visitors who leave their mailing address, it 
    is important that she participate in any upcoming discussion.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Visitors' Tea</strong>: </p>
<ul>
  <li>In the past, three times year, Hospitality has hosted a tea at the Meeting 
    house for recent visitors following worship. This is something we can consider 
    reviving -- with frequency and other details to be discussed.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Thanksgiving</strong>: </p>
<ul>
  <li>We know we don't want to solicit guests to be hosted at Thanksgiving when 
    we have no prospective hosts to receive them. What we do want to do remains 
    to be decided.</li>
</ul>
<p>Thank you, Friends.<br>
  Buzz</p>
</body>
</html>
