<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<title>Agenda for Hospitality Meeting, August 11, 2019</title>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1">
</head>

<body>
<p> Minutes of Hospitality Meeting, October 13, 2019</p>
<p>Friends,<br>
  We had a really productive meeting yesterday! Attending: Annette, Buzz, Jennifer, 
  Quaker.</p>
<p>1. We need greeters and potluck helpers for the dates with <strong>?</strong> 
  below:</p>
<ul>
  <li>Oct. 20: greeter/refreshments: <strong>Jennifer</strong></li>
  <li>Oct. 27: greeter/refreshments: <strong>Quaker</strong></li>
  <li>Nov. 3: greeter: <strong>Buzz</strong></li>
  <li>Nov. 3: potluck: <strong>Quaker</strong>, <strong>?</strong>, <strong>?</strong></li>
  <li>Nov. 10: greeter/refreshments: <strong>?</strong></li>
  <li>Nov. 17: greeter/refreshments: <strong>?</strong></li>
</ul>
<p>2. <strong>Suggestions for the Hospitality Committee</strong> <br>
  Here are the suggestion and decisions that were made. If you didn't attend,weigh 
  in via email.</p>
<ol>
  <li>Have a definite end time for committee meetings. We'll start as promptly 
    after worship as we can and aim to end by 1:30 </li>
  <li>Continue via email what we can't finish in a committee meeting. </li>
  <li>Jennifer volunteered to talk with Hart to discern how best to compile a 
    list of people willing to be contacted to meet a visitor in person who requests 
    such a meeting in response to our <a href="https://www.chapelhillfriends.org/assets/hospitality/ManagingTheGuestbook.htm">welcome 
    card</a>. Jennifer and Hart will tell us what they think is the best way to 
    proceed.</li>
  <li>As for meal requests via Lotsa Helping Hands: 
    <ul>
      <li>It is questionable whether there is any expectation on the part of C&amp;C 
        to come to Hospitality when there is a meal request (if fact they haven't 
        done so in the 2 years since Lotsa Helping Hands was set up)</li>
      <li>It is not the appropriate role of Hospitality to coordinate meal requests</li>
      <li>However, our mission statement currently says, &quot;coordinates Meeting 
        response to requests for meals for Friends in need&quot;. So, we need 
        to change our mission statement if we are to shed this role.</li>
      <li>There is not a particular need for Hospitality to provide this function 
        -- and there are probably better methods than Lotsa Helping Hands, e.g., 
        &quot;In the Light&quot; emails.</li>
      <li>So, we will place on the agenda for our next Hospitality meeting: (1) 
        reconsider our mission statement, (2) consider reinstituting welcoming 
        teas for recent visitors to the Meeting.</li>
    </ul>
  </li>
  <li>We won't coordinate a Thanksgiving event this year.</li>
  <li>We learned that the Early School is planning to replace their non-functioning 
    freezer with an ordinary refrigerator. Buzz will send an email to Brad requesting 
    that he meet with representatives of Hospitality to discuss those plans to 
    make sure that our potluck and celebration needs are met in the schoolhouse.</li>
  <li>BTW. John will be absent on November 24, so Hospitality needs to set up 
    (make sure greeter materials are ready, set up hot water, cups, sugar, tea, 
    etc.)</li>
</ol>
<p>Thank you, Friends.<br>
  Buzz</p>
</body>
</html>
