<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<title>Hospitality Minutes, September 8, 2019</title>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1">
</head>

<body>
<p>Hospitality, September 8, 2019</p>
<p>Friends,<br>
  We didn't have a Hospitality meeting this month because too few people came, 
  but there are <s>three</s> two matters to attend to which we can do online. 
  These matters are:</p>
<ol>
  <li><s><a href="#greet">We need greeters and potluck helpers</a></s></li>
  <li><a href="#mission">Changes to our mission statement?</a></li>
  <li><a href="#library">Refreshments in the library</a> </li>
</ol>
<p><a name="greet"></a>1. <s>We still need greeters and potluck helpers for</s>: 
  Greeters and potluck helpers:</p>
<ul>
  <li>Sept. 15: greeter/refreshments: <strong>Quaker</strong></li>
  <li>Sept. 22: greeter/refreshments: <strong>Jennifer</strong></li>
  <li>Sept. 29: greeter/refreshments: <strong>Quaker</strong></li>
  <li>Oct. 6: greeter: <strong>Jessica</strong> </li>
  <li>Oct. 6: potluck: <strong>Gwyn, Jennifer, Ben</strong></li>
  <li>Oct. 13: greeter/refreshments: <strong>Buzz</strong></li>
</ul>
<p><a name="mission"></a>2. Hospitality mission statement</p>
<p> Sometime toward the end of this month the Publications Committee will ask 
  us if we have any changes to our mission statement for a new Directory. If you 
  think there should be any changles, please speak now (via email). If we don't 
  hear from you, I'll assume that you agree with the proposed amended version 
  below. </p>
<p>Here is our current mission statement (it didn't get updated on chapelhillfriends.org):</p>

<blockquote>
  <p>The Hospitality Committee seeks to help all feel welcome and to support deepening 
    connections among Meeting members and attenders. The Hospitality Committee 
    schedules greeters for Sunday Meeting for Worship and provides visitors with 
    information about Quaker worship and how to request a personal follow-up through 
    the visitors book; arranges for refreshments for fellowship after the rise 
    of meeting; manages the monthly potluck on the first Sunday of the month; 
    coordinates Meeting response to requests for meals for Friends in need; connects 
    Friends who would like to share their Thanksgiving meal with other members 
    and attenders of Meeting; assists with special occasions such as holiday parties, 
    weddings under the care of the Meeting, new member welcoming parties, and 
    memorial services. Attendance at committee meetings is open to all. </p>
</blockquote>
<p>And, here is a proposed amended version (changed text in <font color="#0000FF">blue</font>) 
  including what we agreed on regarding memorials and removing the statement about 
  Thanksgiving .</p>
<blockquote> 
  <p>The Hospitality Committee seeks to help all feel welcome and to support deepening 
    connections among Meeting members and attenders. The Hospitality Committee 
    schedules greeters for Sunday Meeting for Worship and provides visitors with 
    information about Quaker worship and how to request a personal follow-up through 
    the visitors book; arranges for refreshments for fellowship after the rise 
    of meeting; manages the monthly potluck on the first Sunday of the month; 
    helps coordinate Meeting response to requests for meals for Friends in need; 
    <font color="#0000FF">collaborates with the Children and Youth Religious Education 
    Committee to put on the annual Christmas party; and a representative from 
    Hospitality along with Care and Counsel work with the family on planning any 
    reception following a memorial service if it is held on the grounds of the 
    meeting.</font> Attendance at committee meetings is open to all. </p>
</blockquote>
<p><a name="library"></a>3. Refreshments in the library</p>
<p>On Sunday, Annette and Buzz, along with members of the Library Committee, met 
  with Buildings and Ground to discuss the document that Hospitality and Library 
  had agreed upon describing possible changes to the library with the upcoming 
  renovation. Two points were emphasized during the meeting with B&amp;G:</p>
<ul>
  <li>Given that both the Library Committee and Hospitality Committee have a special 
    interest in the library, they should make their views known, but changes to 
    the library (and foyer) are to be decided upon by the Meeting as a whole.</li>
  <li>Representatives from Library and Hospitality should meet from time to time 
    to discuss potential changes to the library.</li>
</ul>
<p>Thank you, Friends.<br>
  Buzz</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
</body>
</html>
