<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<title>Agenda for Hospitality Meeting, August 11, 2019</title>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1">
</head>

<body>
<p> Minutes of Hospitality Meeting, October 13, 2019</p>
<p>Friends,<br>
  We had a productive meeting this past Sunday! Attending: Annette, Buzz, Jennifer, 
  Quaker.</p>
<p>1. <strong>We need greeters and potluck helpers for the dates with ? below:</strong></p>
<ul>
  <li>Oct. 20: greeter/refreshments: <strong>Jennifer</strong></li>
  <li>Oct. 27: greeter/refreshments: <strong>Quaker</strong></li>
  <li>Nov. 3: greeter: <strong>Buzz</strong></li>
  <li>Nov. 3: potluck: <strong>Quaker</strong>, <strong>?</strong>, <strong>?</strong></li>
  <li>Nov. 10: greeter/refreshments: <strong>?</strong></li>
  <li>Nov. 17: greeter/refreshments: <strong>?</strong></li>
</ul>
<p>2. <strong>Suggestions for the Hospitality Committee</strong> </p>
<ol>
  <li>Have a definite end time for committee meetings. We'll start as promptly 
    after worship as we can and aim to end by 1:30 </li>
  <li>Continue via email what we can't finish in a committee meeting. </li>
  <li>Jennifer volunteered to talk with Hart to discern how best to compile a 
    list of people willing to be contacted to meet a visitor in person who requests 
    such a meeting in response to our <a href="https://www.chapelhillfriends.org/assets/hospitality/ManagingTheGuestbook.htm">welcome 
    card</a>. </li>
  <li> We are questioning the need for Hospitality to get involved in coordinating 
    meals. When Care and Counsel gets a meal request, they often already know 
    the persons most likely to want to be involved. And when there is a need to 
    ask for assistance from the larger Meeting, an <em>In the Light</em> email 
    is perhaps the best option.</li>
  <li>In the interest of finding ways to support newcomers we will discuss at 
    our next meeting the idea of reinstituting newcomer teas.</li>
  <li>Since we haven't had volunteers to host for Thanksgiving the past two years 
    we are laying that down and will not coordinate a Thanksgiving event this 
    year.</li>
  <li>In our effort to support fellowship after meeting we are committed to providing 
    coffee, tea, and a light snack. We want to keep the food simple--a pick up 
    item that goes with coffee or tea. Quaker has offered to start a Google doc 
    of ideas for snacks that fit this description, and we hope all will contribute 
    their own ideas.</li>
  <li>We learned that the Early School is planning to replace their non-functioning 
    freezer with an ordinary refrigerator. Buzz will send an email to Brad requesting 
    that he meet with representatives of Hospitality to discuss those plans to 
    make sure that our potluck and celebration needs are met in the schoolhouse.</li>
  <li>BTW. John will be absent on November 24, so Hospitality needs to set up 
    (make sure greeter materials are ready, set up hot water, cups, sugar, tea, 
    etc.) and clean up afterwards.</li>
</ol>
<p>Thank you, Friends.<br>
  Buzz</p>
</body>
</html>
