<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv=Content-Type content="text/html; charset=windows-1252">
<style><!--
.WordSection1
	{page:WordSection1;}
-->
</style>
</head>
<body bgcolor="#FFFFFF" link=blue vlink="#954F72" class="Normal" lang=EN-US>
<div class=WordSection1> 
  <p style='line-height:
normal'>Hospitality Committee Meeting, Sunday, July 14</p>
  <p style='line-height:
normal'><span style='font-size:12.0pt;color:#222222;background:white'>Friends,<br>
    Welcome new members! We'll meet this Sunday at 10AM in the teacher's room 
    (next to the bathroom). Here's our agenda:</span></p>
  <p>1. We will open with settling in and introducing ourselves to each other.</p>
  <p>2. Brief description of what we do. We now have a <a href="https://www.chapelhillfriends.org/hospitality.html">Hospitality 
    page on the Web</a> (many thanks to Sean and Finn who provided invaluable 
    help). Of particular interest to new members is the <a href="https://www.chapelhillfriends.org/assets/hospitality/AnnualReport2019.pdf">2019 
    Annual Report</a>.</p>
  <p>3. We need greeters and potluck helpers for:</p>
</div>
<ul>
  <li> 
    <div class=WordSection1> July 21, greeter/refreshments:</div>
  </li>
  <li> 
    <div class=WordSection1> July 28, greeter/refreshments:</div>
  </li>
  <li> 
    <div class=WordSection1> Aug 4, greeter:</div>
  </li>
  <li> 
    <div class=WordSection1> Aug 4, potluck:</div>
  </li>
  <li> 
    <div class=WordSection1> Aug 11, greeter/refreshments:</div>
  </li>
</ul>
<p>4. Guest Book<br>
  Hart, who has graciously assumed responsibility for monitoring the guest book, 
  will describe how it has been handled in the recent past and her plans for going 
  forward. Matt has said that he would be wlling to meet (for example over coffee) 
  visitors who want to be contacted. Might we consider compiling a list of people, 
  along with Matt, who are willing to contact visitors who want to be contacted?</p>
<div class=WordSection1> 
  <p style='line-height:
normal'>5. Fellowship and the Library<br>
    The committee has discussed what improvements we would like to see in the 
    library and has come to unity on a number of points which Annette will summarize 
    and distribute in a written document. We want to be sensitive to the needs 
    of the library and, therefore, are requesting a meeting with the Library Committee 
    to discuss joint concerns before presenting our document to Building and Grounds.</p>
</div>
<div class=WordSection1>
  <p style='line-height:
normal'>6. Any other topics for discussion?</p>
  <p style='line-height:
normal'><span style='font-size:12.0pt;color:#222222'>Thank you, Friends.<br>
    </span><span style='font-size:12.0pt;color:#222222'>Buzz</span></p>
  </div>
</body>
</html>
